Improve the dev feed section (#18462)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: CONTRIBUTING.md

```bash
nuget sources add -Name "Azure SDK for .NET Dev Feed" -Source "https://pkgs.dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/public/_packaging/azure-sdk-for-net/nuget/v3/index.json"
```

You can then view the list of NuGet package sources with this command:

```bash
nuget sources
```

#### NuGet Config file

You can add the dev feed to your NuGet.Config file, which can be at the Solution, User, or Computer level. See [NuGet.Config file locations and uses](https://docs.microsoft.com/nuget/consume-packages/configuring-nuget-behavior#config-file-locations-and-uses) to locate your NuGet.Config file.

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<configuration>
  <packageSources>
    <clear />
    <add key="Azure SDK for .NET Dev Feed" value="https://pkgs.dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/public/_packaging/azure-sdk-for-net/nuget/v3/index.json" />
  </packageSources>
  <disabledPackageSources>
    <clear />
  </disabledPackageSources>
</configuration>
```

> You can place a NuGet.Config file in the root of your solution. Projects within the solution will use the feed defined in that file.

### 2. Find NuGet Package

You can use the following options to find the available dev feed packages:

> 1. Search the Azure SDK for .NET Dev Feed: https://aka.ms/azsdk/net/feed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Search the Azure SDK for .NET Dev Feed: https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/public/_packaging?_a=feed&feed=azure-sdk-for-net
```

### Releasing a new version of a GA'ed libary
Since the [eng/Packages.Data.props](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/master/eng/Packages.Data.props) is currently maintained manually, you will need to update the version number for your library in this file when releasing a new version.

## NuGet Package Dev Feed

The Azure SDK for .NET releases packages daily from our CI pipeline to our NuGet package dev feed to help developers use and test new libraries before they are officially released to NuGet.

**Dev Feed Package Browser**:

> 1. https://aka.ms/azsdk/net/feed

Reviewer: Do you really want to include both links given you made aka links?

Author: I was thinking that some users would want short and others would want to see what the URL is.

Reviewer: Given that most people will simply copy and paste this link I wouldn't even suggest we hide it behind an aka link. Having the full link allows folks to better identify where it is coming from.

    <add key="Azure SDK for .NET Dev Feed" value="https://aka.ms/azsdk/net/feed/index.json" />
  </packageSources>
  <disabledPackageSources>
    <clear />
  </disabledPackageSources>
</configuration>
```

### 2. Find NuGet Package

You can use the following options to find the available dev feed packages:

1. Search the Azure SDK for .NET Dev Feed: https://aka.ms/azsdk/net/feed
1. In Visual Studio, use the [Package Manager UI](https://docs.microsoft.com/nuget/create-packages/prerelease-packages#installing-and-updating-pre-release-packages), be sure to check "Include prerelease".
1. Use the NuGet CLI, for example `nuget list azure.identity -Prerelease -Allversions`

### 3. Reference NuGet Package

Now that you have found the package you want to use, it is time to add it to your project file.

As you can see in the example below, we want to use the `Azure.Data.Tables` version `3.0.0-alpha.*`. By using the `*` in the version number each `dotnet restore` will pull the latest version from the dev feed.

```xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk">
  <ItemGroup>
    <PackageReference Include="Azure.Data.Tables" Version="3.0.0-alpha.*"/>
  </ItemGroup>

>   <PropertyGroup>

Reviewer: I don't think we should use this type of reference it is highly recommended that folks use the Nuget.Config.

Author: Can you tell me more about that?  I haven't heard that before.
